<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
- The purpose of this Git repository is to see and show what I did in Web 
Programming course.

>>>>>>> 1c55ade41b5062c907ee61ed981a139664d055cc
- I enjoyed working on the final group project the most because I had a chance 
to review almost all of concepts we went over in the class, from using local 
storage to sending HTTP requests to making a page responsive. Until the last few
days of this semester, I had not realized that I was using most of the skills we 
talked about in class, because there were not specific steps to follow for the 
final project unlike the assignments and labs. This was probably all part of
Ming's plan, but I was able to eagerly review the materials because I had an
exciting goal I wanted to achieve, which was making the project application
work, and was able to really learn the tools I used because I had to share them
with my teammates.

<<<<<<< HEAD
- Working on the final project also gave me confidence that I could make, or
=======
Working on the final project also gave me confidence that I could make, or
>>>>>>> 1c55ade41b5062c907ee61ed981a139664d055cc
participate in making, something tangible and something that works. I heard that
working on side projects were important but did not know how to start one. 
Working on something interesting besides school seems less daunting now. The 
nature of web programming showing results quickly and being familiar to us 
probably helped, but it was refreshing to work on the project, away from the 
theories taught in other classes.

- I think I have grown substantially from the first day of this course to now. I
was exposed to several areas of web programming, and the way I look at the Web
changed a lot. I now know why certain things look that way on a website and 
wonder how certain websites are structured from front to back.

- Out of the big ideas that were emphasized in the course, the most important
thing I learend was "separation of concerns". This seems to be the main themes 
of Tufts CS curriculum alongside with "learning how to learn". Working on the
final project, the teammates and I had a long discussion about what kind of data
to store in the database and where to calculate the results we wanted to show on
the frontend pages. We also had to figure out what functions should be
implemented for the frontend pages to work with the database.

- I would like to learn more about data scraping and organizing the data. When 
I started working on the final project, data scraping was one thing I wanted to 
learn. Interested in sabermetrics and reading articles in websites like 
FiveThirtyEight, I have always wondered how such valuable data can be obtained.